docs: encapsulate demo web app (#25240)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/try-out-teleport/linux-server.mdx

## Step 2/6. Run a simple web service

> This guide assumes a web-based application for Teleport to provide (and restrict)
> access to. You can use any service that listens for HTTP requests, or create a demo
> application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run a web application for Teleport to manage access to. You can use any service that listens for HTTP requests, or create a demo application using the instructions below.
```
Suggested to frame this paragraph as an instruction to the reader instead of a statement about the guide. Also suggesting connecting these instructions to the Details box.
